update readme (#6)
nimbella/nimbella-cli-plugins: postman/README.md

nim update
```

## Manage Postman API Keys

> Key management command facilitates to have multiple postman API secrets to be stored as key value pair, and allows one of them to be used as current.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key management with `nim auth postman` facilitates working with one or more Postman API keys.
```

> It also allows to switch between the keys using `switch` command and thus becoming the current key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can switch conveniently between them using the `nim auth postman switch` command.
```

The current key is then picked up automatically without user needing to type it in manually.

> Adding the first key makes it current:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a key automatically makes it current.
```

Reviewer: is it only the first key that becomes current or any added key?

Author: it's any added key.
thanks!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to add a Postman API key:
```

```
nim auth postman -a --name mykey --key PMAK-5e2a993188ce8e003888f36b-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

> the postman key with name 'mykey' was added and is now current

Reviewer: Can you capitalize the printed message so postman is Postman instead?

```suggestion
the Postman key with name 'mykey' was added and is now current.
```

```

> Following are the available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the available options.
```
